Meeting Agenda

Date: September 18th, 2025

Time: 6pm

Location: Friendship Inn Restraunt Altus, Oklahoma 73521

1. Call to Order

    The meeting will be called to order by the Chair.

2. Roll Call

    The Secretary will take attendance of all present members.

3. Introduction of Guests and Speakers

    Introduction of our guest speakers, who will discuss Trio and Public Radio Budget Cuts & Withholding of Funds.

4. Approval of Minutes

    The minutes from the previous meeting will be read and approved.

5. Officer Reports

    Reports from the Chair/Treasurer, and Secretary. Please note, since we don't have a bank account yet, there will be no financial report at this time.

6. Old Business

Discussion of Precinct Officers

    The Chair will lead a discussion on the need for precinct officers and distribute handouts about the different precincts.

    The meeting will then be opened for nominations of officers for these roles, followed by a vote if any are put forward.

Discussion of County Officers

    The Chair will open the floor for discussion about the need to fill vacancies of county officers (Vice-Chair, 2 Affirmative Action Officers, One State Delegate).

    Please be aware that any candidates for these roles will need to be vetted by the CD3 Offices and voted in at a future CD3 meeting.

7. New Business

Community Outreach

    The Chair will open the floor for discussion on community outreach efforts.

    The meeting will then be opened for volunteers to form a committee to create and execute a plan. We can vote on any committees and actions that come from this discussion.

Poll Workers

    The Chair will remind members of the need for poll workers and the opportunity for our organization to nominate individuals for every open spot following the gubernatorial elections.

8. Open Forum

Members' Time

    This is a designated time for members to bring up any issues, ideas, or questions not covered in the agenda.

9. Announcements

    Any votes that were taken at this meeting will be announced.

10. Adjournment

    The date and time for the next meeting will be approved before the meeting is officially adjourned.
